= 5/6/2010 =
The presentation is very success

= 5/4/2010 =
We will do the final presentation. OK, give them a surprise.

= 4/28/2010 =
Tomorrow we will do the chopping block. we decide do a low profile presentation.

= 4/20/2010 =
I create some views today. Use view, the GUI develop should be easier.

= 4/18/2010 =
I modify the database again. I m a little dizzy with the relation between the tables.

= 4/13/2010 =
We meet the manager again. He think the platform is great.

= 3/24/2010 =
The platform has an embryo. It looks beautiful.

= 3/18/2010 =
To clear what the manager said yesterday. I think develop the platform maybe a little difficult, but challenge should improve something.

= 3/17/2010 =
Today we meeting with the client. The manager wants some new function. In fact i'm not really understand the requirement this time.

= 3/11/2010 =
Modify the database, add some foreign keys, the ER diagram need change again

= 3/7/2010 =
Extend the database. I think it has not the logical error.

= 3/1/2010 =
new semester, we are ready!

= 1/5/2010 =

we finish the report2 and presentation voice record. It takes many time to record our voice, we redo many times.

= 1/3/2010 = 
== New year!!! ==

The second cycle will finish. We identified a lot of things, but I am sure there are sitll many challenges.

= 12/22/2009 =

Last week we spent lots of time discuss and design the database. Finally, the database is finish, but I think this database is not good enough. It will have more modify in the future.

= 12/10/2009 =

We bring our GUI to the client, and get the feedback.
The Client asked us many questions, some of these are bad news for us.
=== We finish the first cycle, and the next cycle will start in next week. ===
= =

= 11/25/2009 =

Today we talk about this system. What function we can do, and what problem we will have.
There are some function should be difficult, and the database is still in discussing.

= 11/12/2009 =

Discuss the Database, but we are not get any result today.

= 10/29/2009 =

Meeting with the client and get more infomation about this project in the client company.

= 10/13/2009 =

Connect the code.google and Visual studio 2008 through SVN.
Test and make sure this connect successful.

= 9/30/2009 =

Created the project on google.code which is named fluorite-project