=Developing Log for the Project.=

5/4/2010
I add LAN messenger and announcement broadcast. Now the platform is more like an operating system.

4/26/2010
Debug the system, and prepare the chopping block. There are some new ideas about the platform.

4/13/2010
Meet with the client, they are to appreciate our software.

4/7/2010
Test the picture view, notepad, and multi-media player.


3/27/2010
They are add some functions of this platform such as picture view, notepad. It becomes more interesting.

3/20/2010
We start to construct the platform. I design the virtual keyboard. We will use it in the login interface and record page.

3/5, 2010
We are meeting with the client. Discuss the project, and how this project will go in next step.


3/17/2010
Our team meets the client today; show the system to the manager. He wants us to add some functions to make the employees work easily.


3/15/2010
The system is OK. GUI looks good. I think the client would be happy with this.

3/10/2010
Team meeting. We discuss the main function again. Modify the details. The database need add something, I’m in waiting.

== Jan 5, 2010 ==

 * Completed the Cycle Report 2
 * Completed the voice recording together
 We have successfully managed it and overcame the difficult

== Jan 4, 2010 ==
 * Discussed the final presentation

== Jan 1-3, 2010 ==
=== On the holiday, and prepared for the final exam. ===

== Dec 22, 2009 ==
 * Completed the Database System
 * Tested the connection between the GUI and DB
 * Discussed the difficulties we met last week

== Dec 18, 2009 ==
 * Partly completed the GUI

== Dec 14, 2009 ==
 * Updated the ER Diagram
 * Completed the Cycle Report 1

== Dec 10, 2009 ==
 * Communicated with client
 * Discussed the functions
 * Updated the requirements
 * Discussed the difficulties we met last week

== Dec 10, 2009 ==
 * Discussed the GUI
 * Discussed the difficulties we met last week
 
== Nov 25, 2009 ==
 * Discussed DB design
 * Discussed the difficulties we met last week

== Nov 19, 2009 ==
 * installed the development toolkits

== Nov 14, 2009 ==
 * Prepared the Project Launch

== Nov 10, 2009 ==
 * Discussed the DB design
 * Developed the ERD

== Oct 29, 2009 ==
 * Communicated with client
 * Recieved the requirements